It's night. You're sleeping. Don't worry, this won't take long. I just have a little message for you.

When someone is marked for death, they're supposed to die. Their eyes take on a sickly aura. Their skin glows. They're the only people I can really see, down here, on my nightly journeys. They aren't aware that anything is wrong, at first. They're still alive. But when they're ready, they start to see me as well.

Man or woman, adult or child. They have been marked. And someone needs to perform the finishing touch. That's where I come in.

Sometimes I'm put aside by an innocent gaze. By a shining young face. I see it, and think, this doesn't have to be. Not yet. So I leave them there. I'm not supposed to. Sometimes I postpone a meeting for years. But they always meet me, in the end. Everyone.

That's how it has always been. That's how it will always be. I will always be here, every night, making my rounds, for the 12 hours I have alotted each night to walk this earth. Because if I were to ever slow, if I were to ever cease in my duties, my own life would be forfeit. That is all I know. And who would come for me?


--- (next level)

That was one night. That was EVERY night. We can see it again, if you like. It won't change much. The scenery might be a little different. Do you wonder why I'm showing you this? You'll find out soon enough.

Every day, I make little decisions. Certain people live, certain people die. I'd like to say that the outcomes of these decisions have reverberations, change the courses of lives. I guess they do. I don't see any of it. I only see a never-ending array of targets.

I've said already, I don't see much of these peoples' lives. I don't speak with them. They only learn what's coming in their final seconds. That's why I'm telling you this.


--- (next level)

Another day. A very familiar day. Are you seeing the pattern now? Are you expecting to see a change? This is my LIFE. It never varies. By this time tomorrow I'll have forgotten the faces of the men whose souls I took today. You... your time with me is almost up. There isn't much more for you to see. I just wanted you to get an idea of what to expect.


--- (next level)

I could show you more. But I think that's enough. I'm just trying to give you a hint, you understand. A glimpse into what's coming. You'll probably forget what you've seen here; another dream in the depths of the night. But maybe, it'll stay with you in the back of your mind, so that when your time comes, you'll go more peacefully than most. That's all I want. To see peoples' faces a little less surprised, a little less afraid in their final moments. Because those are the only expressions I ever see.

I'm probably expecting too much. This is just a silent message passed out to sleepers in the night, a lost dream that will be ignored. But I've been doing this for so long, I wanted to do something different for once. To send a message, to speak to someone.

I've said all I wanted to say.

I'm still here. Always waiting. I'll see you soon.

In the meantime, I'll keep up with my work.

Sleep well.