Here's the info on the game that I have so far. I'll edit into a formal design doc or whatever the prof. wants before Tuesday, plus add in whatever changes or additions you guys might want, so feel free to suggest changes/new stuff/whatever!

Game title: 12 Hours (or maybe Reaper, or 8 Hours if we change the running time)

Description: You play Death, the Grim Reaper. You go around reaping souls. There's a countdown: every second, your spirit meter decreases. It's replenished by reaping souls. If you don't, you die. Civilians never attack you, but if they see you they're going to run. If they run straight into a wall, they stop moving, cower down (changing sprite), and wait to die. The idea here is to manipulate the player's emotions. You play a character who is killing people, and for really no reason: just so you, yourself, can selfishly live.

Dialogue and narration (stretch goal, may not happen): The NPCs will say things like "No, I'm not ready to go!" or "I'm not ready to die yet!" And there will be a couple NPCs that will just stand there or even come towards you. Again, manipulating the player's emotions. Death himself, when you're getting low on health, will say "People, people, I need people!" Or, when he's really low on health, he'll start regurgitating the lines the NPCs use on him: "No, I'm not ready to die yet, I can't!" or "I wonder, who will come for me?"

Nice and cheerful, eh? I always did like games that mess with the player's head.

Levels: Talking about levels, each level will be one medium-sized map (or room, in Game Maker terminology), with NPCs and Death wandering around in it, in top-down fashion (think any SNES RPG). There might be boundaries at the edge of the map, though, the way rooms work in Game Maker, this might not be necessary. This is because the player will only view a portion of the map at one time. When the player comes to the edge, the viewable section of the screen will stop there, so it should be obvious that that point marks the end of the navigable area. The map itself will consist of a flat background color, various solid objects (trees, not-to-scale houses, etc. -- things the player can drive the NPCs towards to make them stop and cower), and the characters. Death will probably have 4-directional movement, but the NPCs might not, depending on how their "run away" and "wander randomly" movement is coded. Honestly, right now, I'm only concerned with making one level, because I think that's all we really need.

Gameplay: A level will have a 12 minute playtime. The story is that Death has the 12 hours (or maybe 8 hours, if 12 doesn't play right) of night in which to do his business and stay alive for another day. So the level will have a counter, with the number of hours and minutes (represented 60x faster, as minutes and seconds) remaining until the end of the level. Your goal, as Death, is just to survive for 12 minutes. Keep reaping souls so your spirit meter/health bar doesn't go down all the way. This means that either reapable NPCs can't be that plentiful, or they can't restore that much health when reaped, or the game would be too easy. New NPCs might appear randomly or they might wander in from off the borders of the map. The point is that you need to keep wandering around and searching for reapable souls as your health bar is constantly depleted.

Optional feature: There might be NPCs around who are not targets, and they'll be grayed out. "His time has not come yet" or whatever. But, once in a while a NPC will go while, which means the soul is ripe for reaping.

End-of-level narration: "Another day draws to a close, and Death breathes a silent sigh of relief. He will not, after all, ever run out of souls to collect. Would you like to play the exact same game again?"

The idea is that every day in Death's life is basically the same struggle to survive, which helps justify there only being one level.

Very optional: If there are more levels, we could give Death some projectile weapons (say a nice shotgun), to supplement his melee scythe. That would necessitate a change in mechanics, or the game would be too easy: You might need to pick up bullets, which are in scarce supply, and maybe your health would drain faster. Maybe some NPCs would start fighting back. I would add this stuff if we had 3 or 4 weeks to make the game, but for 2 weeks I think probably not. Right now I'm just concerned with getting the core concept created.